# Generate bill and save data
# Introduction:
* Generate bill and save data will work that is calculating the bill, gives it to the customer and maintain proper database, are accurate in calculation and printing the bill what is the CGST and SGST, How much amount should customer pay and also generate records, we can add n number of customers and n number of items in these software.
* We can save all the invoices and we can see specific customers invoice by searching there names.
# High Level Requirements
* collect relevant information from the customer.
* Store huge n number of customer data.
* We can search there name and display customer data.
* Add new customers
# Low Level Requirements
* Make Shure the information is correct.
* Need to add correct data.
* Display greetings after the billing completed.

# What
* System generate bills for Hotels, Restaurants, etc., The way which would bring the transparency between shop owners and customers , which saves time, which gives proper calculations and invoice.
# Why
* To get automate online bills. It can be used in any departmental store, shops, cafes and any vendor shops for billing to the customers.
# When
* Time is not a barrier, so we can use anytime and anywhere.
# Who
* People who have General stores, Hotels, Restaurants etc.., can utilize this application to save time of writing bills by using pen and paper.
# How
* Many features are available to use. Invoice will be generated by entering customer name, Items, Quantity, and price.

# SWOT ANALYSIS:
    * Strength:
        1.Save lot of time and effort.
        2.Reduces material costing that comes with manual billing and filing.
        3.Reducing long queues.
        4.Low cost and easy to Handle.
        
     * Weakness:
        1.Network difficulties
        2.Lack of personal information.
        3.External printing.
        
     * Opportunities:
        1.Growing business.
        2.Increase flexibility.
        3.Quick receiving and information transferring.
        
     * Threats:
        1.Misuse.
